---
title: Long-term commitment and support for the Cadence project, and its community
date: 2021-09-30
author: Liang Mei
---

Dear valued Cadence customers,


Some of you might have read Temporal’s recent announcement about their decision to drop support for the Cadence project. This message caused some confusion in the community, so we would like to take this opportunity to clear things out.


First of all, Uber is committed to the long-term success of the Cadence project. Since its inception 5 years ago, use cases built on Cadence and their scaleCadence’s use cases and production traffic have grown significantly at Uber. Today, Cadence, and powers some of our most business-critical use cases. At the same time, the Cadence development team at Uberteam has enjoyed rapid growth with the product, and has been driving innovations of workflow technology across the board, from new features (e.g. gGraceful failover, wWorkflow shadowing, UI improvements) to better engineering foundations (e.g. gGRPC support, mMulti-tenancy support). All of these features have been added in a backwards compatible manner. Neither Ubers use nor support of CadenceNone of these is going to change with Temporal’s announcement., We have a long and exciting roadmap of features that we plan to add and we will share more details about this with you in our next meetup that we are planning for November ‘21. As always we will continue to push the boundaries of scale and reliability as our usage within Uber grows.and actually we have a very exciting product roadmap that we are going to share with you in our Cadence meetup in November this year.


Secondly, we are committed to maintaining and growing a healthy and collaborative community. The Uber Cadence team, along with our open source partners like Long from Indeed, haves been behind the management and support of the Cadence open source community for the past 2 years. We have seen more than 100 contributors to our project, and more than 1500 developers in our open source Slack support channel. WWith Temporal’s announcement, we are going to work even more closely with our community, through a series of online and offline channels including meetups, office hours, tech deep dives, and design consultations. We would also like to scale the way we operate, by creating a Cadence OSS Committee that allows us to maintain a closer relationship with its members, so that we can learn from each other's Cadence experiences and grow together. Please definitely let us know your suggestions on the type of engagements that you would like to see with the core teamthoughts.


About Temporal and its “EOL announcement”

Temporal is a startup that was started 2 years ago by some of the original Cadence team members. It is a Cadence fork that aims to provide workflow as a cloud service. WWhile we are always grateful for their original contribution to the Cadence project and wish them the best of luck in their future endeavours. That said, the announcement from Temporal only means that their team will focus on Temporal (which has always been the case for the last 2 years), and not an official stance on Cadence since they have not been involved with the project for quite some time now. since it's not their project to decide.


Feel free to reach out to us if you have any questions. And we look forward to your contribution and collaboration.


The Uber Cadence team